[Music]
welcome to my unboxing of the meiotic
snails 8200 this is an all-new Mouse
from neonics that actually takes what
was already good about the nails 3200
and the nails 5000 and kicks it up a
notch so basically we've got what is a
pretty standard overall package here so
you can see a picture of the mouse with
the green me onyx accents here although
it should be noted that those colours
can be changed to any one of sixteen
point eight million color options using
the programmable LEDs that can be
changed within the software and it
should also be noted that the ergonomics
have thankfully not changed versus the
previous nails mice they've also gone
with an extremely small package so it's
basically just the mouse and a couple of
accessories tucked away inside of an
outer box sensor specifications okay so
8200 dpi laser 32 bit 72 megahertz ARM
processor don't think of it in terms of
72 megahertz think of it as 72 millions
of Hertz
sort of one way of looking at it right
so okay let's go ahead and have a close
look at the packaging here so we've got
a little fold out piece here we've got a
little plastic piece here I got to admit
the packaging itself feels a little bit
less deluxe than previous bionics mice
but if the performance is anything - or
if the performance is anything like what
I'm used to then it should be just fine
in fact my wife is a bit of a picky
peripheral user and refuses to use
anything but her nails 3200 or the 5000
that she was using before but I craftily
snuck away when she wasn't looking
anyway so I'm going to get our b-roll
camera to go ahead and have a look at
what we've got here in terms of specs
overall so award-winning ergonomic
design extremely comfortable the overall
shape of the mouse is quite frankly just
awesome so you can see right here
whether you have smaller hands like me
or whether you kind of have bigger hands
and you're going to need to be sitting
back a little bit further the curve of
the mouse is such that you can sort of
sit back on it or choke up on it as much
as you want and it'll be comfortable
from either angle
so I'm just going to go ahead and shift
back over here so you can have a look
from the other side so same thing here
where you've got a curve right here for
your pinkie a curve right here for your
ring finger and then comfortable
placements for your index and your
middle fingers as well as for your thumb
on the other side
so yeah they haven't done away with that
grip friendly rubber coating so it does
use a soft touch feel overall to the
mouse which I personally prefer I think
that was a huge misstep for SteelSeries
when they upgraded the side to the
sensei
now the newer the newer sensei with the
MLG branding on it actually brings back
that soft touch finish and I think that
is a very very important thing three
step in-game dpi adjustments okay this
is pretty standard for gaming mice these
days seven buttons overall so you've got
your back and forward buttons here by
the way they're all programmable you've
got your dpi up and down buttons here
your mouse wheel click as well as your
left and right buttons here that is
pretty much it in terms of glowy spots
the mouse wheel
these dpi indicators here as well as
these buttons and the my onyx logo at
the back will all glow in-game profile
switching okay extensive programmable
macros that's good 6 integrated LEDs in
four colors own so you can actually have
multiple different color zones that's
kind of neat I actually didn't know that
already
color shift function so you can use
solid blinking pulsating or breathing
LED effects you can adjust the polling
rate this is something that has been
more of more of a thing in the more
recent years actually a long time ago
people didn't really talk about it at
all I remember you used to have to do
like a manual override to change your
mouse to a 1000 Hertz polling rate so
that's that's very good I mean a
thousand Hertz is a thousand times a
second which means we're taking the
mouse down with a wired connection to as
little input latency as is humanly
possible or not humanly possible just in
general possible large pH PTFE feet so
these right here are going to be the
slip pads that are going to make it so
that you don't actually have any sort of
unintentional grip up to the surface
that you are putting it down on so
hopefully you can see those pretty well
there there we go
so those should be quite durable like I
said we've had one of their 3200 mice
and deployment for quite a while no
complaints whatsoever they're also quite
thick so large and they have like quite
a quite a thickness to them so they
shouldn't wear down too quickly but if
they do then
sort of
your mileage may vary I suppose can't be
my fault gold plated USB connection this
is less necessary than you might think
and then it's got a two meter cable with
braiding on it so let's go ahead and
have a close look at that so the gold
plating on the outside of the connector
actually does absolutely nothing for the
durability of the mouse it's just for
looks mostly it's more important to have
gold plating on the inside where those
connectors are so gold is useful for
these kinds of connectors because it
doesn't oxidize and it's somewhat mailed
malleable which means it's going to
always make a good connection braided
cable is high-quality it's a braided
cable this is something we're used to
seeing on gaming mice so that's good to
see and we'll be back in a moment with
the mouse lit up so you guys can have a
look at it so basically guys this last
little bit here it's just going to be to
give you some overall glamour shots of
the mouse itself I'm not even going to
let Slick's camera have any of the
action at all so I'm just going to sort
of turn it over show you guys what it
looks like
I mean I have smaller ish hands in fact
so it could even just put down his
camera and come to a more practical
demonstration of what a larger hand will
look like on the mouse itself so here
just kind of give them a bit of a view
there so in fact here here's the mic
what are you what are your impressions
of the shape you've used one like this
before right yeah yeah it can claw it
still so that's really nice but then if
someone had smaller hands they could
palm it very easily
although palming it with this as a hand
is kind of ridiculous okay so there you
go guys smaller hands can eat oh my
goodness look how sweaty his hands are
check this out not gross its disgusting
so smaller hands palm is very easy very
comfortable
you could also clot with smaller hands
but I'd say it's optimized for small
hand palm large hand claw and then sort
of in between I guess you could probably
go either way because I have very small
hands and then slick has very very large
hands so I think that pretty much wraps
it up oh yeah your four different LED
zones are going to be here here here and
here
don't forget to subscribe to Linus tech
tips for more unboxings reviews and
other computer videos